And with the other three voices gone, I am left in peace with [mc.name] as we walk to school.
The walk is uneventful, but I can feel [mc.name]'s attention being pulled towards the stores and shops we passed by on the way to school.
... crafts store, convenience store...
... a hardware shop? I didn't realize one of those was around here...
We're at the school in no time.
That confrontation earlier must have stopped us for longer than I thought, because we barely make it to class on time.
For some reason, neither [mc.name] nor I can focus at all during class. Everything just goes in one ear and out the other.
This must have something to do with those other voices...
During lunch, we hear one of our classmates calling our name from behind us.
[mc.name]?
[mc.name]? Are you okay?
Huh? Oh, um... Hi, Hitomi?
You seem to be a bit out of sorts today. Are you feeling well?
Yeah, I'm... okay. Sorry, just a bit distracted.
Distracted? By what?
Nothing in particular. I've just been thinking about random things, I guess?
Things?
Like cans of gas, and art supplies, and stuff. I'm not sure why. But I'm not sick, I think.
If you say so...
Well, try to not actually get sick, okay? It wouldn't do for you to get sick right before the school festival.
Speaking of, what are you doing for the festival, Hitomi?
Well, the Writing Club will be doing open prose and poetry recitals in the library.
You're still not part of any clubs, right?
Yeah...
Then you should come see us. Even if you don't recite anything yourself, listening to others read could be fun.
And, um, I will be reciting a few poems there, too, so if you could come and see that would be really nice.
If I get an opportunity to, then I'll definitely try to visit. And I'm not really going to be doing anything else, so...
That's good to hear.
The lunch bell rings at that moment, interrupting our conversation.
The rest of our classes come and go, and before we know it we're done for the day.
[mc.name] is still as distracted as before, though, and instead of going home, we end up wandering down the halls, not paying attention to where we're going...
...and it's not long before we accidentally knock someone over.
Oi, watch where you're going!
The girl quickly dusts herself off, though, and springs to her feet.
Ah, sorry, Nanami.
Wait, [mc.name]? What are you doing here? You're not part of a club or anything, right?
I, uh... I'm not really sure. Just wandering, I guess?
...are you okay? You're looking a bit... iunno, tired, it seems?
Yeah, I'm fine, I'm fine. Just a bit distracted.
What are you doing?
Oh, I'm rehearsing with the Drama Club, for the school play.
You're coming to the festival, right?
Yeah.
Then you should definitely come and see the play! It's going to be awesome!
Of course, assuming the idiots making the sets get them done in time...
Do you need any help?
I think we're fine right now, but thanks for the offer!
Honestly, though, you should probably go get some rest or something. You don't look so good.
...yeah, you're right. I'll see you, then.
Try not to get sick or anything, yeah?
By the time we get back home, we're almost completely exhausted mentally.
It's all we can do to drag ourselves to our bedroom, hit the lights, and fall asleep in our uniform.
Suddenly, I'm jolted back into awareness by a sound.Footsteps.
What? Who's there?
I notice that, for some reason, I have a sword in my hand.
Hi.
Oh, you got a weapon as well? That makes things slightly more complicated.
What's happening? What is this?
It's a coup, dumbass. We want to run things our own way, and you're getting in the way of that.
If it's any consolation, though, I don't think we can truly die, being mental constructs.
But we can kill you over and over again.
So, what? You're going to kill me and take control?
Exactly.
...
We still feel exhausted when we wake up the next day.
[mc.name] drags himself out of bed and starts going about his morning routine purely on autopilot...
...and it takes us a minute to realize that isn't just a metaphor.
So, wait, does anyone have the controls?
I certainly do not.
I don't have the controls.
No.
...
We all get the idea in our heads at about the same time:
We're going to have to fight for the controls again.
With that out of the way, [mc.name] starts walking to school.
With that out of the way, [mc.name] actually starts walking to class.
Even as tired as [mc.name] is, we still manage to arrive to class well before the bell.
We bump into Nanami in the hallways again-- fortunately, without knocking her over this time.
Oh, hiya [mc.name]! Feeling any better?
I guess? I didn't really get much sleep last night.
Ehh, seriously? What, did'ja wake up in the middle of the night or something?
Actually, yeah, that's pretty much what happened.
Oh, that sucks. What was it, a nightmare? Something loud outside?
...I'm not actually sure, now that I think about it.I just kind of... woke up, and sat there for a while.
And then everything's a blank, after that.I think I might have gone outside, but I honestly can't remember.
Then I went back to sleep.
For real? That's super strange.
I know, right? But I guess it could be worse. I could have overslept this morning, or something.
Heh, wouldn't be the first time for you.
Oh, I should get going; I don't want to be late to class. Seeya!
With that out of the way, [voice_name] sits back and stops directly controlling [mc.name], who starts walking to school on his own initiative.
With that out of the way, [voice_name] sits back and stops directly controlling [mc.name], who starts actually walking to class, now under his own initiative.
The combination of [mc.name]'s tiredness and the diversion, however, means that we end up being seriously late to class.
As it is, [mc.name] walks through the classroom doors an hour after the first bell.
After mumbling a few apologies to the teacher, we drag ourselves to our desk, a sleep-deprived, exhausted mess.
Hitomi comes to talk to us at lunch.
You really aren't feeling any better since yesterday, are you [mc.name]?
No, not really... I'm exhausted. I didn't get much sleep last night.
Oh my. Did you have trouble falling asleep?
No, I just suddenly woke up in the middle of the night. I'm not sure why.
Well, perhaps you had a nightmare?
I guess that could've happened... but something tells me that isn't it.
I mean, I remember waking up and just sitting there, for a while.
I think I went outside, at some point? But I'm not really sure, though, because everything's just... gone from my memory.
And then I just went back to sleep.
And so you overslept this morning, I assume?
Not really, actually. Everything's just so hazy... I remember getting up and eating breakfast, but then after that everything just goes blank.
The next thing I remember is sitting back at home, almost an hour afterwards. And that's when I started walking to school.
That is quite worrying. Perhaps you should go see a doctor?
Ehh... I'll wait a couple of days and see if it happens again. Who knows, it might just pass quickly.
If you say so...
Classes come and go as quickly as usual.
As we walk out of the classroom at the end of the day, I can feel the other voices finish reconstituting.
As we walk out of the classroom at the end of the day, the other voices and I can feel our bodies finish reconstituting.
And we're back to fighting for the controls...
And when the dust settles, we're left with a choice.
Something tells me I shouldn't leave just yet.
But what should I do?
[voice_name] gives [mc.name] a slight nudge...
Hitomi seems like a charming girl. Let's go visit her in the library, shall we?
The library is quiet, right?I want to go there.
I need to do some deeper recon. Let's go to the library.
That Nanami girl-- she said they were preparing for a play performance, yes? Let's go visit her.
I need inspiration.I wonder if I'll find it in the auditorium?
I need to do deeper recon. We should go scope out the auditorium..
Why don't we go see what's happening in the library? We might find Hitomi there.
...maybe I'll go visit the library.
Why don't we go see what's happening in the auditorium? Nanami might need our help with her performance.
...maybe I'll go visit the auditorium.
We leave the school, and start our afternoon walk back home.
Before we can even take five steps, however, I feel a wave of energy.The other voices must have come back.
Before we can even take five steps, however, we all feel a wave of energy, and manifest once more.
Naturally, we begin fighting for the controls again.
With that diversion out of the way, we continue heading home.
Unfortunately, as soon as we get home, [mc.name]'s exhaustion catches back up to us.
Unfortunately, at this moment, [mc.name]'s exhaustion catches back up to us.
Even though there's definitely still not even evening yet, we opt to simply head to our bed, where we almost instantly fall into a deep sleep...
The day before the festival, we wake up feeling no more rested than before.
And, once again, when we wake up, the controls are vacant...
Which, in the end, means yet another fight for control.
With that brief interruption out of the way, [mc.name] starts walking to school.
After that diversion, [voice_name] sits back and lets [mc.name] express himself a bit, and finally he starts actually making his way to school.
After that diversion, [voice_name] sits back and lets [mc.name] express himself a bit, and he starts actually making his way to class.
Of course, thanks to the diversion, we wind up being really, really late to class.
Class is over in the blink of an eye, though none of the students leave school immediately after class.
Everyone is focused on the upcoming festival.Including us.
We have somewhere to be, don't we?
We head outside, and start walking towards downtown.
Before [mc.name] can get very far, however...
I can immediately tell, from the way [mc.name] stumbles over the first few steps down the road, that our fights for control have been taking a toll on him.
I don't think we'll be able to continue these fights for much longer without [mc.name]'s mind completely crumbling from the stress.
[mc.name] doesn't get very far before we all realize something, however:
We're all quickly becoming better at reconstituting ourselves after a loss.
And with all of the things we have to buy, there's plenty of opportunities for us to further our own goals by forcibly diverting [mc.name] to other places.
Almost immediately after that shared realization, there's a subtle shift in the atmosphere...
And, once more, we're at each other throats.
[mc.name], now a dazed and confused mess, stumbles his way back to downtown as our control over him briefly wavers.
[mc.name], now a dazed and confused mess, stumbles around downtown for a moment as our control over him briefly wavers.
Of course, this just presents another opportunity for us to take control again.
It's obvious to all four of us that [mc.name] is almost on the brink of a complete mental shutdown. Our influence over him wavers dangerously, and we briefly lose control entirely.
Despite being nearly unconscious, however, he still manages to stumble back downtown again somehow.
It's obvious to all four of us that [mc.name] is almost on the brink of a complete mental shutdown. Our influence over him wavers dangerously, and we briefly lose control entirely.
In his confusion, he simply wanders around downtown, nearly dead to the world around him.
Of course, this just presents one last opportunity for us to take control again.
We walk into the library. It's practically deserted.
All the Writing Club members seem to have left....
...except for one, it seems.
Oh, [mc.name]? What are you doing here?
I didn't really feel like leaving yet, so I figured I'd go look for you.
I just wanted to find some peace and quiet, I suppose.
I figured I'd just check out the library, since I don't really come in here too often.
I just kind of wanted to see you, I think.
So what are you doing?
Hitomi sighs.
I'm writing my pieces for the school festival. But I'm kind of stuck...
I guess it's writer's block.
Writer's block, huh... maybe I can help inspire you?
Do you think so?
If that's the case, I'd appreciate the help.
We take a seat next to her.
So... where do we start?
Hmm...
Really, you can find inspiration in anything: love, the sky, your dreams... why don't we start with those?
My dreams? Love? ...well, now that I think about it...
Maybe you should write about something that you're passionate about.
Passionate? ...Well, I guess it's not something I'm passionate about, but...
Wouldn't it be easiest to write about something or someone that you care about? I mean, like... someone you'd want to protect at all costs.
Someone I care about? ...well, now that you mention it...
Is there anything on your mind, other than the festival?
Well... since you're asking...
I have a... a friend. And she's known this boy for a really long time...
But they're not as close as they were before. And...
She's... kindofinlovewithhim.
Huh? What was that?
I meant she's in... love with him.
But they're drifting apart, and now she thinks he's out of reach.
Hmm...You know, Hitomi...
Yes, [mc.name]?
...that would make a really good theme for a poem.You know, unrequited love?
Yeah... I guess you're right.
I could... write it from her perspective, I suppose?
Yeah, that could work.
...
...what if I started the poem with this line, then..
She put her pen to paper, and began to write.
Hitomi puts intense thought and care into every word she writes and re-writes.
We fall into silence at her side, not wanting to break her focus.
Eventually, she comes to something she's satisfied with.
There. I think it's complete.
Oh? Can I read it?
She pulls the poem close to her chest.
Hmm... no.
I'll read it at the festival. If you want to hear it, you'll have to come visit me there.
Then I'll definitely make sure to drop by.
I'll hold you to that.See you later.
We walk back into the library, and this time find what seems to be the entire Writing Club in a frenzy of activity.
Hitomi immediately catches sight of us when we walk in, and runs up to us with worry written all across her face.
I'm so glad you're here, [mc.name].
We're trying to decorate the library before the festival tomorrow, and we just realized there are a number of items we need here that we don't have on hand.
But we need everyone here to decorate and make other preparations.
Could you go out instead and buy the supplies we need, please?
Of course I can. Do you have a list of what I should buy?
Certainly. Here.
She pulls out a notebook from her uniform pocket, and neatly tears out a sheet of paper from it, handing it to us.
There's a list of various things written on it in Hitomi's ever-neat handwriting.We quickly skim through it.
Lined paper, pens, construction paper ... candles, flour ... an HDMI cable ...
There's a lot of different things on here. It might take me a while to go to all of the stores for these.
It's okay. The school will be open all night, tonight, for everyone who still needs to make preparations before the festival.
And we have many things we still need to finish here, so don't worry about time.
Alright, then. I guess I'll be going?
Thank you so much for everything you've done, [mc.name]. You're a wonderful friend.
So, we immediately make our way towards the library.
It's been massively rearranged.All of the tables have been pushed around to create a little audience seating area, in front of a podium.
All of the writing club members are here, of course.Including, of course...
Ah, [mc.name]! You made it!
Of course. I wouldn't want to miss you reading your poem, right?And nice hairdo, by the way.
You like it? I wanted to try something different, for the festival.
Before she can say anything else, one of the other Writing Club members comes up to her.
Hey, Hitomi, are you ready to go up and recite? I think you're up next.
The girl seems to realize we're there, and shoots a few glances between us and Hitomi.
Oh, sorry! Was I, uh, interrupting anything?
N-no, you weren't interrupting anything! I was just talking to a-- a friend.And yes, I think it is my turn to recite.
She steps up to the podium, poem in hand.
After taking a moment to steady herself and take a breath, she begins reading her poem to us...
Everyone begins clapping as Hitomi finishes reading her poem.
After she steps out from behind the podium, however, she walks up to one of the Writing Club members and hands them something, before quickly stepping out of the library.
[mc.name] briefly wonders whether we should follow her-- but we remain seated, for the sake of politeness to the other Writing Club members.
It's not long before someone else comes up to the podium to recite their work.
Eventually, however, the Writing Club member from before walks up to us, and hands us a folded piece of paper.
So, um, Hitomi wanted you to have this, but for some reason she wanted me to wait a while before I gave it to you. She said she needed 'time to prepare', whatever that means.
So... here, I guess?
We carefully unfold the paper and read through it.
It seems to be the paper Hitomi wrote her poem on.However, at the very bottom, she's written us a short note...
Please come to the cherry blossom trees behind the school.
There's something I have to tell you.
I look up. It looks like most of the Writing Club is done reciting their poems-- they're busy dragging some poor freshman up to the podium-- so we quietly slip out of the library.
The sky outside the windows is already dark and starry.Did the sun really set that quickly?
The rear portions of the school are practically deserted-- most of the excitement of the festival is occuring further towards the school's front.
Of course, there were still some decorations put up, even here.
We find Hitomi easily, shilouetted against the lights strung up on the trees.
She's turned to face away from us, staring wistfully into the blossoms falling around her.
She turns to us as soon as we walk up to her, however.
[mc.name]! Y-You really came!I was so worried that you wouldn't...
Of course I would have shown up, Hitomi.So, what's up?
Well... do you remember, the friend I told you about, when I was writing my poem?
Yes?
That... friend...  wasme.AndI'minlovewithyou.
...
[mc.name] is silent for a moment, and I can tell from the instruments on the control panel that he's struggling to process the sounds he's hearing.Because...
[mc.name]?
...
I'm sorry, Hitomi, but...
W-wait, [mc.name]-- d-don't tell me, you're rej--
...
I'm sorry, Hitomi, but...
...you'll have to speak up.
I couldn't hear you.What did you say?
We all stand there, in a stunned silence.
Hitomi's expression is frozen across her face, I'm trying to not bang my head repeatedly on the controls, and [mc.name] is simply--purely--confused beyond speech.
Hitomi quickly recovers from that bit of denseness on [mc.name]'s part.She still seems to be at a loss for words, however.
You didn't-- did you really not-- I--
Hitomi groans, and her annoyance is obvious to everyone here--except for [mc.name], of course.
...how did I even fall in love with someone as dense as you, anyways?
Wait, hang on-- what? Fall in love?You're-- you're joking, right?
She takes a few steps forward, right up against [mc.name]'s rapidly beating heart.
Just-- please stay quiet for now, [mc.name]. Please.
Then she closes her eyes...
...and kisses [mc.name].
And meanwhile, in the control room, there's a smile plastered across my face.
Because, even if things were a bit... heated and uncertain, to say the least, over the past few days...
We still did a damn good job.
And everything should be fine, from here on out.

...right?
We walk into the auditorium, which is full of activity and chatter.
The Drama Club is definitely working hard towards their performance.
Up on stage, Nanami recites what seems to be a few of her lines.As she finishes, though, she catches sight of us.
Oh, [mc.name]! Hi! What are you doing here?
I didn't really feel like leaving yet, so I figured I'd come and see if you needed any help.
Well, I definitely think you're just in time...
I was just curious, and wanted to come see what you were doing.
Well, you're definitely not going to be disappointed by it.
I don't really come over here too often-- so I just wanted to come and check it out, I guess?
Well... it's the auditorium. What else is there to see?
I just kind of wanted to see you and your performance, really.
Well, um, thanks, I guess? Ehehe...
Well, anyways! Since you're here, could you help us make some of the sets?
The guys who were supposed to be making them had to bail on us today, of all days, so we're seriously short on free hands backstage.
If you could lend us a hand, that would be really great.
Well, okay then.
Great! Follow me.
As we walk behind the curtain and into the wings, Nanami yells out to a group of students kneeling next to some unfinished set backdrops.
Okay, everyone! This is [mc.name], and he's here to help us out with the sets for today. Treat him well, okay?
With a small nudge she pushes us towards the students, before running back out onstage.
So Nanami dragged you into helping us?
Yeah, kind of. But, I mean, I'm happy to help.
Hey, no sweat. We're happy to have you. It's just a shame that some of our club members are slacking off and leaving us to do the work, you know?
So what's with them? Why aren't they here?
They don't really care about the club. They never have.
So, yeah, this is normal for them.
Sometimes, I wonder why they're still even a part of the club.Hey, can you pass me the red paint?
We start helping the Drama Club paint the sets. Though they're huge, there's a surprising level of detail in the outlines that leaves us impressed.
After a while though, we hear something that causes us to look up, and out onto the stage.Music, and a voice.
Nanami seems to be singing something in the center of the stage.
Suddenly I'm in the cockpit!Suddenly, everything's changed~
[mc.name]? You watching Nanami?
Oh! Um, yeah...
Yeah, she has that effect on people. You get used to it, though.
Really...
[mc.name] gets entranced, watching her for the next few minutes without even realizing it.
Up in [mc.name]'s head, I can feel something else as well.It's small, and almost drowned out by our influence, but...
They're undoubtedly [mc.name]'s own feelings. He's in love.
Do you guys feel that, too?
It's love, right?
Certainly. Such passion...
This kid's in love, huh? Interesting...
Eventually, however, we return to our work.
After some more time and effort, we manage to finish painting the sets.
Well, that's all we can do today.
Thanks for the help, [mc.name].
No problem. Hey, uh... is it a problem if I come back tomorrow?
I was actually about to ask if you could. There's a few more things we'll have to do to finish up once the paint dries, and I think we'll need your help again.
So I'll see you tomorrow then.
I guess you will. See you.
Nanami waves to us as we exit the auditorium.
Hey, thanks for your help today, [mc.name]! Seeya!
We make our way back to the auditorium, and find everyone there in a frenzy of activity.
Nanami immediately notices us when we walk in, and runs up to us, worry etched across her face.
Oh, thank goodness you're here! The set crew just realized they're missing a ton of things they need for the play, and we need every hand on deck here to finish preparations.
Do you think you could run out and go buy those things for us?
Of course. Do you have a list or anything?
Yeah, yeah! Um, wait, hang on.
She runs off backstage, and comes back with a piece of paper.
Here it is. There's not actually a whole lot of stuff on the list, but some of the things here are kind of hard to find. You'll probably need to go to a bunch of different stores.
Don't worry about taking too long. At the rate things are going, we're going to be here all night anyways.
Alright then. I guess I'll be going, then.
Thank you so much for all your help, [mc.name]. Seriously, you don't know how much you've done for us.
...
Okay, I'm going to have to stop the game, here.
I'm so sorry.
But I didn't actually have time to put anything here within the time limit.
And that's how the Artist seized the controls from me.
...I won?
For such a quiet guy, you sure fight fiercely.
...it's what I do.
Wait, how are we still talking?
As I said before: I don't think we can truly die. We just fade, for a moment.
So we have an opportunity to take control again.
...I won't lose to you.
[mc.name] stands up, and walks to the window.
We stare outside for a moment.
Artist? You there?
Supplies. I need supplies.
The Artist brings [mc.name] outside, onto the street, and quickly starts walking in the direction of an arts and crafts store we passed by, on our way to school this morning.
It's still open, even this late at night.
The Artist takes to the aisles with intensity bordering on anger, dashing from shelf to shelf and carefully selecting the items that suit his needs.
Paints... aquamarine, viridian, charteruse, burnt umber...
As we walk along the back of the store, however, something in particular catches The Artist's eye.
It's a large, white piece of clothing of some sort, haphazardly placed on a T-shaped stand.In front of it, on the ground, lies a large bag with a zipper.
A smock and a bag. This will do.
The Artist takes the smock and holds it up to himself. As expected, it completely covers our body and drapes across the floor.
Throwing the smock over our shoulder, he quickly gathers up the bag and the rest of his supplies, pays for them, and leaves the store.
It's almost midnight by the time we get back.
We dump the things we bought in a corner of the living room, and we quickly head back to bed.
[mc.name] falls asleep almost instantly...
The Artist quickly asserts control over [mc.name].
Supplies. I need supplies.
The Artist quickly starts walking in the direction of an arts and crafts store we passed by, on our way to school this morning.
We quickly walk inside.
The Artist takes to the aisles with intensity bordering on anger, dashing from shelf to shelf and carefully selecting the items that suit his needs.
Paints... aquamarine, viridian, charteruse, burnt umber...
As we walk along the back of the store, however, something in particular catches The Artist's eye.
It's a large, white piece of clothing of some sort, haphazardly placed on a T-shaped stand.In front of it, on the ground, lies a large bag with a zipper.
A smock and a bag. This will do.
The Artist takes the smock and holds it up to himself. As expected, it completely covers our body and drapes across the floor.
Throwing the smock over our shoulder, he quickly gathers up the bag and the rest of his supplies, pays for them, and leaves the store.
We quickly make our way home, supplies in tow.
We dump the things we bought in a corner of the living room.
The Artist quickly reasserts control over [mc.name].
Need more supplies.
The Artist quickly makes his way back to the arts and crafts store he visited last time.
He seems to be searching for something specific, this time.
He quickly finds what he's looking for, however, and holds his sought-after items up to the light for inspection.
...knives and scissors?
Yes. These will suffice.
We quickly make our way home, with the Artist's tools.
He carefully places them on an unused area of our dining table.
The Artist smoothly takes control over [mc.name] for the third time.
Need a few more supplies.
The Artist swiftly walks to the hardware store, this time.
The hardware store?
Yes. Need carpentry tools and material. Wood and a saw, mostly.
The Artist darts over to the lumber section of the hardware store, and picks out a few of the oddest-looking pieces available, as well as a large hand saw.
These will be perfect.
We quickly make our way home, with the Artist's last materials.
He carefully places them on an unused area of our dining table, next to the scissors and knives.
The Artist smoothly takes control over [mc.name] for the fourth time, and for some reason I immediately get a chill down my figurative spine.
Need one last thing for my masterpiece.
Oh, is that what you were making? I was curious to see what you were doing with all of these things.
The Artist quickly grabs the saw and canvas bag off the dining table, and dons the smock, before heading outside again.
The Artist quickly walks downtown-- but doesn't go to any of the stores. Instead, he goes and walks into an alleyway.
Within the alleyway, we find a homeless man, slumped against the wall. There are a number of beer bottles in a pile next to him, and he appears to be asleep.
Before any of us have time to react, the Artist violently grabs the homeless man by the neck, and slices it open with one quick motion from the saw.
The man's blood splatters all over the smock, and he dies almost instantly with a soft gurgling sound.
Afterwards, the Artist swiftly and efficiently begins dismembering the man, neatly fitting the bodyparts within the bag.
The whole affair is over in less than 15 minutes, after which the Artist hides the bloody smock and saw inside the bag as well.
It's as clean as it is horrifying: there's hardly a trace of blood or evidence on our body, clothing, or in the alleyway.
We're all shocked into silence by the whole thing, however.
The Survivor is the first to regain the ability to speak.
Wha-- what the fuck, Artist? What the hell was that?!
It was art.
The finality of that statement precludes any further discussion.
We come home, and the Artist leaves the bag and its gruesome contents underneath the dining table.
[mc.name]'s mental exhaustion suddenly overcomes us, nearly crushing us with a wave of fatigue and deabilitiation.
The Artist powers through it surprisingly quickly, though, and uses the opportunity to do something none of us expected.
The Artist seems much less affected by it, however, and takes advantage of my temporary weakness to do something none of us expected.
The Artist seems much less affected by it, however, and takes advantage of The [voice_name]'s temporary weakness to do something none of us expected.
Using the energy he's accumulated from his previous battles and control takeovers, he quickly forces myself into control and locks himself in with a mental block.
Those of us left outside immediately sense a change.
Eh? What just happened?
The Artist just did something to the controls.
I'm locked in. It's nice and quiet in here, now...
Why you little-- I'll show you!
I can feel him futilely try to struggle against the barrier The Artist's set up. He gets nowhere, of course.
And for me... it's over. The Artist's permanently taken control.
All I can do is just sit and watch what he does.
It's the early, early morning before the festival. The sun is barely out.
[mc.name], under the Artist's control, swiftly makes his way to the school, with his saw, smock, and other supplies at the ready.
Briefly darting inside, he finds something surprising: Nanami is curled up against one of the walls in the auditorium alongside some other members of the Drama Club.
Apparently, they had too much work to finish for their performance to leave the night before.
Briefly darting inside, he finds something surprising: Hitomi is fast asleep inside the library, her head down on a desk, alongside other members of the Writing Club.
Apparently, they had too much work to finish for their festival event to leave the night before.
[mc.name] picks up the girl's surprisingly light body, and quietly carries her outside, without waking her.
As [mc.name] lays her on the ground and readies his saw, she stirs briefly.
Wha... [mc.name]... what are--
Hmm... [mc.name]? ...what are--
Without a word, [mc.name] slices her neck open in one saw-stroke.
She dies almost instantly with a soft gurgling sound.
[mc.name] immediately sets about dismembering her body, haphazardly throwing the parts into the bag.
[mc.name] immediately sets about dismembering her body, neatly placing the parts into the bag alongside the ones from before.
Walking around to the front, [mc.name] begins work on his final masterpiece...
...when the first students find him that morning, their eyes are filled with horror and disgust as they see what he's created.
And that's how I kept control even after the others tried to kill me.
That was... frightening.How did all of this happen?
Good show there, Mr. Calm.
Wait, what? I thought I...
As I said before, I don't think we can truly die.We just fade, for a moment.
...so you all will be back to try and take over again.
You betcha.
Fuck.
Rather unfortunately, I think it will take some time for us to reconstitute ourselves.So we'll be seeing you later, rather than sooner.
...I feel their presences vanish.
And with that out of the way, I guide [mc.name] back to sleep...
I quickly reassert control over [mc.name]'s mind as well as my own, racing thoughts.
It takes me a couple of minutes, but eventually I feel stable enough to continue on.
I regain control over [mc.name]'s mind, trying to do so as quickly and smoothly as I can.
There's a brief moment of instability that I fail to avoid, however-- one that seems to last worryingly long.
It passes, though, and [mc.name] quickly catches his bearings.
I assert control over [mc.name]'s mind once more.
As soon as he tries to take a step, however, he goes dizzy, trips, and falls, nearly winding up on his face.
When he tries to get up, again, the same thing happens, and he winds up back on the ground.
I end up having to take direct control of him to get him upright and steady again-- if only enough so to guide him to a chair.
After a few worry-filled minutes, however, he seems to have regained enough mental strength to stand up and start moving again.
I give him a slight mental prod to speak, just to make sure that's still working...
...I-- what-- ...what was that...?
...I decide it's good enough for now. It'll probably fade over time as we walk to school.Hopefully.
I try to guide [mc.name] to the first store on our list-- but he trips and falls almost immediately when I do so.
In the end, I end up taking direct control of him, so that we can at least buy the things we need from this store and go.
I preemptively take direct control of [mc.name], so that we can go and buy some of the things on our list.
My direct control gives much better results when we get to the store and buy things, compared to when I tried to get him to do it on his own.
Naturally, this does not reassure me.
I preemptively take direct control of [mc.name], simply to prevent him from collapsing on the spot.
I don't even try going very far-- just to the nearest bench, to give [mc.name] a mental breather.
It takes him a bit over 30 minutes to regain enough mental strength to get up again and, with an unsteady gait, start shuffling around.
Before I have the opportunity to do anything else, however...
[mc.name]'s mental exhaustion suddenly overcomes us, nearly crushing us with a wave of fatigue and deabilitiation.
I quickly power through it, though, and use the opportunity to do something I've been waiting for this whole time.
I feel much less affected by it, however, and take advantage of The [voice_name]'s temporary weakness to do something I've been waiting for this whole time.
Using the energy I've accumulated from my previous battles and control takeovers, I quickly force myself into control and lock myself in with a mental block.
The others immediately sense a change.
Huh? What just happened?
The Calm One just did something to the controls.
I've locked myself in, here. You guys can't take control anymore-- you're too weak from the constant battles, right?
Why you little-- I'll show you!
I can feel him futilely try to struggle against the barrier I've set up. He gets nowhere, of course.
It feels good to be back in control. Permanently.Just like before.
After dropping off everything [who_needed_stuff] needed yesterday, we immediately went home and collapsed onto our bed.
And, when we woke up, much much later, it was already the evening of the school festival.
After quickly freshening up and putting on a new uniform, we head back up to the school.
Fortunately, we make it to the school not long after the festival's start-- but even from here we can tell that it's in full swing.The school grounds are bustling with activity.
We walk past dozens of booths and stalls on our way through the school grounds, and I make sure to take note of the ones we're most interested in.
Of course, there's one particular thing at the festival that we need to go see above all else.
And that's how the Pyromaniac seized the controls from me.
No, no, no! This can't be happening...
Fucking fantastic. First I get killed in this mind-space-thing by you three, and now I'm going to actually get killed when this lunatic sets the fucking house on fire or something.
You really should just relax, you two. I'll take it from here.
The idea of you having control makes it hard for me to relax.Also, wait, how are we...
As I said: I don't think we can truly die. We just fade, for a moment.
So we have a chance to take control again.
Certainly. But I've already won once. I can do it again.
In any case...
Let's get to business, shall we?
He brings [mc.name] out of the house and into a convenience store down the street.
[mc.name] immediately heads for the back of the store, and carefully looks through the shelves.
Let's see, let's see... matches, matches...
When I said you would burn the house down, I didn't mean it as a suggestion.
No, no. Burning our own house down would severely limit the number of things we could burn in the future. This is just preparation.
Do you realize we're actually talking to ourselves out there? You know, in the outside world?
So? I don't think there's anyone of consequence here.Oh! There they are!
The Pyro finds the matches he was looking for, at the bottom of one of the shelves.
Picking them up, we quickly pay for them and leave.
We head back to our home and bed, and [mc.name] falls asleep without further ado...
The Pyromaniac quickly asserts control over [mc.name].
Ah, I've won. Excellent. Now...
Let's get to business, shall we?
The Pyro forcibly diverts [mc.name] out towards the streets near our house.
There was a convenience store near here, that I saw earlier...
After a few minutes of walking, we find the store.
Ah, perfect.
[mc.name] immediately heads for the back of the store, and carefully looks through the shelves.
Let's see, let's see... matches, matches...
Please don't try to burn our house down or anything stupid like that.
No, no. Burning our own house down would severely limit the number of things we could burn in the future. This is just preparation.
Preparation, huh.
Yes, for all the things we will burn later. Oh, there they are!
The Pyro finds the matches he was looking for, at the bottom of one of the shelves.
Picking them up, we quickly pay for them and leave.
The Pyromaniac asserts control over [mc.name] once again.
Excellent. Now...
Back to what I was doing.
The Pyro leads [mc.name] further into the city, towards the commercial district.
There is a big hardware store in this part of the city, if I recall correctly. We're going there.
We quickly find the place, and the Pyro leads us inside.
He immediately brings us towards the power equipment section of the store.
...what are we doing here?
We're not looking for much. I just need one thing...
After spending a few minutes wandering through the store, we eventually come across some lawnmowers on display.
Something on a shelf catches the Pyro's attention.
Ah, I think those are it!
We quickly walk over, and see what exactly the Pyro was looking for:
Gas canisters. Perfect.
You know those are empty, right?
Yes, but we can fill them later. I know there's a gas station near our house that's self-service; we can go there.
Do you really think any of us would want to help you with that?
No, which is why I was planning to do it myself.
We leave the store, gas cans in hand, and quickly drop them off at home.
The Pyromaniac asserts control over [mc.name] for the third time.
Finally!
I've been waiting for this opportunity!
The Pyro leads [mc.name] back home, nearly giddy with excitement.
We pick up the gas cans that we bought earlier, and head outside.
We turn, and set off down the street.
In a few short minutes, we come across a small corner gas station.
Yes, this is the gas station I remembered.
We head inside the station's store and pay for a pump. In cash, of course.
Pump number 3, please.
Back outside, the Pyro quickly sets about filling up the gas cans, humming as he does so.
You're really excited about this, aren't you?
Of course! This brings me ever closer to burning flames!
No kidding. But still, I need to ask: why fire?
Huh?
Of all the things you could love and be fixated about... why does it have to be fire?
...that's a really good question, and deep one. Surprising, coming from you.
But if I had to give an answer... I guess it's just an innate part of me?
Like asking why water is wet, or why the wind blows. It's just who I am.
With a thump, the pump shuts off, leaving us with several filled cans of gasoline.
The filled cans are heavy, but with some effort we manage to bring all of them home in one go.
The Pyromaniac asserts control over [mc.name] so quickly and seamlessly that we can barely notice it.
I'm getting used to this, it seems.
On to business.
Walking at a brisk pace, the Pyro brings [mc.name] back home.
The Pyro takes one of the blankets inside of our house and uses them as a makeshift sack, placing a few tightly-capped cans of gas inside.
Huh. Where are we taking these?
Out to school, of course.
Wait, are you serious? What if we get caught?
We won't get caught. Trust me.
We walk to school with the gas. We get a few strange looks along the way, but no one bothers to stop or ask us about what we're carrying.
We avoid going in via the front gate, however, and instead circle around to the back of the school.
Hmm... now where should I put these...
We walk around the back parts of the school, hiding the gas cans one by one in bushes, underneath stairwells, behind rocks, and so on.
It takes us a good half-hour or so, but eventually we hide them all.
Excellent. Now I won't have to carry these all the way from home before the festival.
The festival?
Yes. See, my ultimate goal here, is...
...to burn down the entire school on the day of the festival.
...you're definitely serious about this.
Of course! Why wouldn't I be?
Shit.
And with the rate things are going, he's definitely going to be able to do just that...
[mc.name]'s mental exhaustion suddenly overcomes us, nearly crushing us with a wave of fatigue and deabilitiation.
The Pyro powers through it surprisingly quickly, though, and uses the opportunity to do something none of us expected.
The Pyro seems much less affected by it, however, and takes advantage of my temporary weakness to do something none of us expected.
The Pyro seems much less affected by it, however, and takes advantage of The [voice_name]'s temporary weakness to do something none of us expected.
Using the energy he's accumulated from his previous battles and control takeovers, he quickly forces myself into control and locks himself in with a mental block.
Those of us left outside immediately sense a change.
Huh? What just happened?
The Pyro just did something to the controls.
I've locked myself into the controls. If I'm correct, your energy will be too drained from the constant battles to take control anymore.
Why you little-- I'll show you!
I can feel him futilely try to struggle against the barrier The Pyro's set up. He gets nowhere, of course.
And for me... it's over. The Pyro's permanently taken control.
All I can do is just sit and watch what he does.
It's the day of the festival.
[mc.name], under the Pyro's control, doesn't even bother going to school that day.
Instead, he waits until the evening, until the festival opens, before making his way to the school.
Naturally, he brings some cans of gas along with him, wrapped and hidden inside a blanket.
[mc.name] circles around and enters the school grounds near the back. It's completely deserted-- all of the excitement of the festival is towards the front of the school.
Then, he begins liberally dousing the school with the cans of gas he brought along with him.
Then, he begins liberally dousing the school with the cans of gas he'd hid around the grounds.
With that done, he takes a match and...
...the entire school is lit aflame.
And that's how the Survivor seized the controls from me.
Hah! Who's a mental construct now, Pyro?
All of us, last I checked.
Well, fuck you anyways! I'm taking control now!
And wait, how are you still around, anyways?
As I said: I don't think we can truly die. We just fade, for a moment.
...so we have an opportunity to take control again.
Yeah, maybe.But if you think I'm going to go down to the likes of you, you've got another thing coming!
Anyways, I think...
...I think we should go recon the area.
Grabbing a notebook and pencil, he quickly brings [mc.name] out of the house and out into the street.
What area?
Huh?
What are we observing?
Well, I was thinking we should recon that facility we went to this morning. It seems to be highly important to the enemy, seeing as how so many of them congregate there.
You mean the school?
Yeah, that place!
No security here at night, it seems.
...they even left the front gate wide open.
Our enemy's negligence plays into our hands, it seems.
We circle around the school, with the Survivor noting every window and door that seems to be unlocked.
North-northeast door, by the open field... seems to be unlocked and disused. Potential entry point...
By the time he's satisfied, it's almost 3 o'clock in the morning.
There, finished. Every single potential entrance and hole in their defenses, mapped out and listed for our eyes only!
We head back home to our bed, and [mc.name] falls asleep nearly instantly.
The Survivor quickly asserts control over [mc.name].
Hah! I won! Take that, you assholes!So let's see here, how did you guys get this to work...
Aha! Got it!
Oh, great. Try not to run into any walls, while you're--
Ouch!
--figuring out how to walk. You idiot.
These legs are hard to work with, okay?!
We quickly pick ourselves back up, and take a look around.
So, anyways! I think we should go recon that big facility we keep going to.
So, anyways! I think we should go recon that big facility we went to yesterday.
So, anyways! I think we should go recon this place.
...recon?
Yeah. Scope out the place, look for insecure entry points, things like that.
You're going to reconnoiter the school.
Exactly!
We make our way to the school, and instead of walking up to the front gate, circle around to the back.
We exit at the back of the school, and hide behind some plants.
The Survivor pulls out a notebook and pen, and starts walking around the school, noting every unlocked window and unused entrance.
North-northeast door, by the open field... seems to be unlocked and disused. Potential entry point...
By the time he's satisfied, it's nearly an hour later.
There, finished. Every single potential entrance and hole in their defenses, mapped out and listed for our eyes only!
So wait, what was the purpose of this?
Son, good intelligence is vital to winning any war.'If you know both yourself and your enemy, you can win a hundred battles', yeah?
The Survivor asserts control over [mc.name] again.
Hah, I'm in the driver's seat again!
On to the next objective!
Say, do any of you know where that hardware store was? You know, the one we saw earlier?
...why do you want to know?
And why do you think we'd tell you?
...down the street. Take a left at the second intersection.
Hah! I knew I could count on you, Artist.
We follow the Artist's directions, and quickly come to a hardware store.
Ah, there we are.
So wait, what are we doing here?
I need to requisition some supplies.
...for what, exactly?
I'm afraid you're not cleared for that knowledge yet, Calm.
Seriously?
The Survivor immediately finds the carpentry section of the store, and starts picking out random pieces of wood and boxes of nails.
Yeah, these'll do...
He quickly takes his things to the checkout counter and leaves.
We leave the wood and nails in a big pile in the living room.
The Survivor asserts control over [mc.name] for the third time.
There we go. Hey, I think I'm getting used to this!
Unfortunately.
The Survivor quickly brings [mc.name] out to the hardware store.
Here again?
Yeah... I need some more supplies, see?
We quickly head inside.The Survivor pulls out his notebook again.
Let's see... what first...
The first section we visit seems to carry a wide variety of electrical cables and equipment.
I'll need that... and that...
The Survivor picks out an equally wide selection of cables and sautering equipment.
As we're walking down one of the aisles near the back of the store, a shiny black spool of wire catches the Survivor's eye.
Wait, is that...
He picks up the spool and inspects it.
...barbed wire?
Heh, this is a pleasant surprise. I didn't know they sold this stuff here.
After picking up a few more items-- pipes, tools, batteries, nails, screws, and so on-- we pay for our things and leave.
We dump the things in the same disorganized pile left from our previous hardware store trip.
The Survivor asserts control over [mc.name] so smoothly, we can barely notice it.
Heheh. Just one last thing I need to get...
The Survivor quickly brings us back to the hardware store once more, and heads for the outdoors section.
There, he picks up a large bag of fertilizer.
...ammonium nitrate?
Yeah. It's the last thing I need from here.
Wait, isn't that the stuff people use in homemade explosives?
Yep. Or at least, I think so.
We quickly bring the ammonium nitrate back home, and set it off to the side.
The Survivor looks over the large pile of stuff from the hardware store that's accumulated in our living room.
Wood, nails, barbed wire, electrical cables, and fertilizer.What are you planning to do with these?
Well, at this point I might as well tell you...
I've received vital intelligence regarding the movements of the enemy around the school.
They're planning some sort of major operation tomorrow.
...the school festival?
Yeah, whatever. Anyways, we need to strike back and make a stand.
So I've been gathering these materials to fortify a central position to base myself in during the enemy operation.
...you're going to make some kind of bunker. In the middle of the school.
Yeah. I'm thinking about hunkering down in that big room with the books.
That's a library, you idiot.
Oh, that's what it was? I thought it was just some random storeroom.
The Survivor sits down at our kitchen table, and starts filling some pipes with fertilizer.
He then starts taking some matches, and wrapping bare, thin electrical wire around them...
Then just wire that to this, connect this... drop this in here...
...and... there. This looks good, eh?
In our hands is what appears to be a tripwire-activated pipe bomb.
Just... try not to get us blown up, okay?
Son, you know I can't make that promise. War is dangerous, okay?
[mc.name]'s mental exhaustion suddenly overcomes us, nearly crushing us with a wave of fatigue and deabilitiation.
The Survivor powers through it surprisingly quickly, though, and uses the opportunity to do something none of us expected.
The Survivor seems much less affected by it, however, and takes advantage of my temporary weakness to do something none of us expected.
The Survivor seems much less affected by it, however, and takes advantage of The [voice_name]'s temporary weakness to do something none of us expected.
Using the energy he's accumulated from his previous battles and control takeovers, he quickly forces myself into control and locks himself in with a mental block.
Those of us left outside immediately sense a change.
...what happened?
The Survivor just did something to the controls.
I've locked myself into these here controls, see? You guys don't have to energy to take control again after all of those battles-- which means I'm going to have permanent control here.
Why you little-- I'll show you!
I can feel him futilely try to struggle against the barrier The Survivor's set up. He gets nowhere, of course.
And for me... it's over. The Survivor's permanently taken control.
All I can do is just sit and watch what he does.
It's the early, early morning before the festival. The sun is barely out.
[mc.name], under the Survivor's control, sneaks back into the school, and breaks into the library.
[mc.name] quickly begins setting up his 'defenses'-- rolling out barbed wire, boarding up the doors and windows, and setting up tripwires and explosives.
With that done, he retreats inside, boarding up the last entrance to the library-- the one he used to get in.
And as the first students filter in that morning...
Boom! Boom! Boom!
...they become the first students to fall to [mc.name]'s traps.
I am the voice inside of [mc.name]'s head.
I've been here for as long as I can remember, guiding him through life as best as I can.
And thanks to me, [mc.name] has had a pretty calm, uneventful life so far, which is all I really want for him.
Unfortunately...
I'm not sure why, but one day, as [mc.name] and I were walking to school...
...I suddenly found two other voices sharing [mc.name]'s head with me.
Alright. Let's set things straight, here: who are you two?
The first voice to speak up sounds refined and classy.
Well, I do suppose that a round of introductions is in order.
My name is... well, I'm not really sure what my name is, but I do know that I am a man of lofty ambition.
Simply put: I wish to spread my flaming passions to everywhere I go. I want to bring the joy of light and heat to every--
He's quickly interrupted by a rough, growling voice.
He means he's a fucking pyromaniac, and that his life's goal is to burn everything to the ground.
That- that is simply not true! I have many other interests other than burning! For example, I find the varying smells of gasoline to be quite--
Just shut up for now, okay?
He sighs, and we can all feel the exasperation rolling off of him.
Okay, look. I don't know who I am or what my name is either, but there is one thing I do know:
I am a survivor. I fought in the war. I've seen shit out there.
--wait, what war? We're not even out of high scho--
--like my buddy John getting sniped by one of them Krauts back in Bastogne, yeah? Horrifying stuff, really. Brains and blood, splattered all over the snow.
I don't bother trying to remind him that we're a student at a Japanese high school, and that World War II ended over 70 years ago.
--so yeah, I'm going to damn well make sure we're safe and secure while we operate here. I'm thinking we should go fortify a forward base and then strike against the enemy.
Oh, please. You, defending us? I doubt you could defend us from anything more than stray cats and mice.
Yeah? Well, what do you know about defense then, Mister Pompous Asshole?
I'd say I know more about the kinds of threats we'll be facing at this high school than you ever will. For example, I know the best ways to discreetly dispose of a charred corpse, and how to sneak gasoline onto a school campus.
It's at this point that we all notice a fourth presence amidst us.
Hey, who's there?! You'd better fucking show yourself, or I'll-- I'll fucking put a bullet between your eyes!
Please do remember that we are mental constructs. How do you possibly think you're going to accomplish that?
Though I, myself, am rather curious about the newcomer. Why don't you show yourself?
...fine. Hi.
There's nothing but silence for a few moments, while we wait for the newcomer to say more.
...Well? Is that it? Speak up, for Christ's sake!
I'm an artist. All I want to do is make artwork.
Is that enough?
Fine. Just stay out of my fucking way, and we won't have problems. Capiche?
I must agree. So long as you do not disturb my mission, I see no problem with letting you pursue your artwork.
He does bring up a good point, though. We're four minds inhabiting one body. We can't share.
Well, I can't be certain with regards to everyone else, but: I will carry out my tasks, and if I have to fight you three somehow to do so, then I will not hesitate.
See, we're going to have a problem with that, since your whole 'burning everything in sight' schtick is going to get us all killed by the enemy, here.
Both of your goals will prevent me from making art. Therefore, I will have to stop you.
Personally, I wouldn't want either of those two to have control at all; I just want [mc.name] to have a nice, calm, peaceful life.
So there's no way for any of us to cooperate then?
Negative.
I'm afraid not.
No.
Well, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you all won't be able to do anything without my say-so. I still have control, and I don't think there's any way for you to take it from me.
Hrmph. Well, if that's how you want to play it... fine. But I will find a way, I promise you that.
I suggest you watch your back from here on out. I will see my mission through.
...
And with that, they vanish into the recesses of [mc.name]'s mind.
